hello everyone good as I said he
follows the evaluation criteria of
the courts for the oppositions of
English, good to tell you that the subject is
to take into account style to the primary
the organization is worth the structure
clarity the aquitaine introduction that
have conclusion that the
complete topic and that you have a
grammatical and orthographic correction
In addition to the coherence between the theme
also establish coherence and
establish a let's say with links between a
and another and interrelate section of
interrelation of concepts of form
coherent then put into practice the
imagined practice of practical assumption
so that there is a bibliography
that there is legislation that is
sahagún didactic development and
curricular that has aspects
organizational and applied to your position
that is offered and especially a
educational structure very similar to
of primary programming puts that is
what is included in the call does not
they put to the sea so I do not say the same
the good didactic unit that has a
contextualization the type of center the
type of students we have and so on
formulate a correct formulation and
relation of the objectives in relation to
the contents and the criteria of
valuation also that they have to be formed
also the basic skills and a
methodology say that we talk about
methodological judgments that we consider
our five
cater to different styles of
learning and above all that to those
motivating and active activities
after the activities also good
because they are meant to arrive
to the objectives that are all adapted
to the students and to the level they have and
use of varied resources worth
and finally the demographic criteria
as I said that they be consistent
with the objectives with the contents with
the activities and with the competences
basic that are varied that are
flexible and adapted to the
students that of English and nothing more than 20
is recording another video if it can be
at least it depends or music is worth and
If I have light, I'm still staying in
castropol